  1. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\AcceptanceTests.fs(74,76): error FS0043: None of the types 'bool, Lazy<'a>' support the operator '==>' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
  2. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\AcceptanceTests.fs(74,80): error FS0001: None of the types 'bool, Lazy<'a>' support the operator '==>' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
  3. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\AdaptiveConfigTests.fs(57,28): error FS0039: The value, constructor, namespace or type 'Arb' is not defined. Maybe you want one of the following:   ArbMap [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
  4. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\AdaptiveConfigTests.fs(70,30): error FS0039: The value, constructor, namespace or type 'Arb' is not defined. Maybe you want one of the following:   ArbMap [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
  5. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\AdaptiveConfigTests.fs(77,25): error FS0039: The value, constructor, namespace or type 'Arb' is not defined. Maybe you want one of the following:   ArbMap [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
  6. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\CacheTests.fs(92,25): error FS0039: The value, constructor, namespace or type 'Arb' is not defined. Maybe you want one of the following:   ArbMap [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
  7. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\ConstraintsTests.fs(100,88): error FS0001: Type mismatch. Expecting a    'SpatialGraph<NodeType>'    but given a    'SpatialGraph<int>'    The type 'NodeType' does not match the type 'int' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
  8. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\ConstraintsTests.fs(108,50): error FS0001: Type mismatch. Expecting a    'SpatialGraph<NodeType>'    but given a    'SpatialGraph<int>'    The type 'NodeType' does not match the type 'int' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
  9. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\ConstraintsTests.fs(108,90): error FS0001: Type mismatch. Expecting a    'SpatialGraph<NodeType>'    but given a    'SpatialGraph<int>'    The type 'NodeType' does not match the type 'int' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 10. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\ConstraintsTests.fs(114,64): error FS0001: Type mismatch. Expecting a    'SpatialGraph<NodeType>'    but given a    'SpatialGraph<int>'    The type 'NodeType' does not match the type 'int' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 11. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\ConstraintsTests.fs(99,88): error FS0001: Type mismatch. Expecting a    'SpatialGraph<NodeType>'    but given a    'SpatialGraph<int>'    The type 'NodeType' does not match the type 'int' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 12. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsQueriesTests.fs(30,23): error FS0001: The type 'PhysicsWorld' is not compatible with the type 'Physics.Service.PhysicsWorld' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 13. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsQueriesTests.fs(30,29): error FS0001: This expression was expected to have type    'Physics.Queries.Ray'    but here has type    'TestInfrastructure.Builders.Ray' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 14. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsQueriesTests.fs(31,11): error FS0001: This expression was expected to have type    'QueryFilter -> RaycastHit option'    but here has type    ''a option' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 15. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsQueriesTests.fs(32,36): error FS0001: This expression was expected to have type    'float32'    but here has type    'float' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 16. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsQueriesTests.fs(32,41): error FS0001: This expression was expected to have type    'float32'    but here has type    'float' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 17. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsQueriesTests.fs(32,61): error FS0001: This expression was expected to have type    'float32'    but here has type    'float' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 18. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsQueriesTests.fs(33,32): error FS0001: This expression was expected to have type    'TestInfrastructure.Core.Vector3'    but here has type    'System.Numerics.Vector3' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 19. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsQueriesTests.fs(35,11): error FS0001: This expression was expected to have type    'QueryFilter -> RaycastHit option'    but here has type    ''a option' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 20. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsQueriesTests.fs(59,23): error FS0001: The type 'PhysicsWorld' is not compatible with the type 'Physics.Service.PhysicsWorld' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 21. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsQueriesTests.fs(59,29): error FS0001: This expression was expected to have type    'Physics.Queries.Ray'    but here has type    'TestInfrastructure.Builders.Ray' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 22. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsQueriesTests.fs(60,11): error FS0001: This expression was expected to have type    'QueryFilter -> RaycastHit option'    but here has type    ''a option' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 23. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsQueriesTests.fs(60,51): error FS0001: This expression was expected to have type    'float'    but here has type    'float32' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 24. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsQueriesTests.fs(60,75): error FS0001: This expression was expected to have type    'float'    but here has type    'float32' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 25. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsQueriesTests.fs(61,11): error FS0001: This expression was expected to have type    'QueryFilter -> RaycastHit option'    but here has type    ''a option' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 26. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsQueriesTests.fs(71,59): error FS0043: None of the types 'bool, Lazy<'a>' support the operator '==>' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 27. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsQueriesTests.fs(71,63): error FS0001: None of the types 'bool, Lazy<'a>' support the operator '==>' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 28. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsQueriesTests.fs(71,9): error FS3214: Method or object constructor 'Length' is not static [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 29. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsServiceTests.fs(103,45): error FS0072: Lookup on object of indeterminate type based on information prior to this program point. A type annotation may be needed prior to this program point to constrain the type of the object. This may allow the lookup to be resolved. [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 30. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsServiceTests.fs(103,68): error FS0072: Lookup on object of indeterminate type based on information prior to this program point. A type annotation may be needed prior to this program point to constrain the type of the object. This may allow the lookup to be resolved. [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 31. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsServiceTests.fs(110,45): error FS0072: Lookup on object of indeterminate type based on information prior to this program point. A type annotation may be needed prior to this program point to constrain the type of the object. This may allow the lookup to be resolved. [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 32. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsServiceTests.fs(95,17): error FS0072: Lookup on object of indeterminate type based on information prior to this program point. A type annotation may be needed prior to this program point to constrain the type of the object. This may allow the lookup to be resolved. [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 33. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\PhysicsServiceTests.fs(95,42): error FS0072: Lookup on object of indeterminate type based on information prior to this program point. A type annotation may be needed prior to this program point to constrain the type of the object. This may allow the lookup to be resolved. [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 34. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\SpatialHashTests.fs(85,64): error FS0001: Type mismatch. Expecting a    'TestInfrastructure.Core.Vector3 Microsoft.FSharp.Core.array'    but given a    'System.Numerics.Vector3 Microsoft.FSharp.Core.array'    The type 'TestInfrastructure.Core.Vector3' does not match the type 'System.Numerics.Vector3' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 35. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\ThreadSafeRandomTests.fs(56,44): error FS0001: None of the types 'bool, Lazy<'a>' support the operator '==>' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 36. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\UnitsOfMeasureTests.fs(173,17): error FS0043: None of the types 'bool, Lazy<'a>' support the operator '==>' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 37. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\UnitsOfMeasureTests.fs(173,21): error FS0001: None of the types 'bool, Lazy<'a>' support the operator '==>' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 38. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\UnitsOfMeasureTests.fs(181,30): error FS0001: The type 'PositiveInt' does not support a conversion to the type 'float' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 39. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\UnitsOfMeasureTests.fs(182,26): error FS0001: The type 'PositiveInt' does not support a conversion to the type 'float' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 40. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\UnitsOfMeasureTests.fs(184,33): error FS0001: The type 'PositiveInt' does not support a conversion to the type 'float' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 41. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\UnitsOfMeasureTests.fs(184,43): error FS0001: The type 'PositiveInt' does not support a conversion to the type 'float' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 42. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\UnitsOfMeasureTests.fs(188,27): error FS0001: The type 'PositiveInt' does not support a conversion to the type 'float' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 43. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\UnitsOfMeasureTests.fs(189,30): error FS0001: The type 'PositiveInt' does not support a conversion to the type 'float' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 44. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\UnitsOfMeasureTests.fs(191,31): error FS0001: The type 'PositiveInt' does not support a conversion to the type 'float' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
 45. [ ] c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\UnitsOfMeasureTests.fs(191,41): error FS0001: The type 'PositiveInt' does not support a conversion to the type 'float' [c:\Users\tmdru\Downloads\files\tests\Tests.fsproj]
